>> Kyle Simpson: With
that as our introduction,
let's talk about what we can
expect from this course.
As I mentioned, this is the recent parts.
And by recent we mean all those big
changes that happen in ES6 have started to
settle down and there are a variety of
features that have, were easier for
people to pick up on and some that were
more complex for people to pick up on.
I certainly can't do all 300 plus of
those ES6 features in one course.
We'd be here for weeks.
But I've taken a small selection
of things from ES6, from ES 2016,
2017, 2018 and 2019 and woven them
together into this narrative of,
these are the things I think
you should focus on first.
Not the only important things, but
the things you should focus on first.
If you haven't learned some of these
things this is your to do list for
what to get up to speed on what's been
recently happening in JavaScript.
So what are some of those features.
Well we're going to look at templates
strings, string padding and also trimming.
Destructuring and fair warning,
destructuring's a big meaty topic.
We're gonna spend a lot of
our time in this course,
a significant amount of
time going through it.
It is by far the most complex feature that
I've seen added to JavaSript maybe ever.
And I wouldn't likely decide to
put something like that into
a course unless I believe that that
extra complexity was worth it.
You will find I think that as you put in
the investment of effort to understand
destructuring, you'll see how much more
it pays off in so many other places.
So it's important even though it's gonna
be difficult and even though it's gonna be
intimidating, that is a very
important feature to get a hold of.
Instead of array features like find and
include, and flat, and
flatMap, we'll then look at iterators and
generators which is a little bit
of a different way of thinking.
And we're gonna look at some
improvements to regular expressions.
And then we're gonna be looking at
async await and async generators.
That'll round us out and so, that second
half of this, those last three or
four items really sort of start to tell
a narrative of JavaScript maturing in
the respect of asynchronous programming
and that's a big key thing that has been
way behind quite frankly in JavaScript for
quite a long time.
The management of parallelism or
of concurrency in our language,
it's a critical thing, and only of
late did we get promises in ES6, and
then some of these features
layered on on top of them.
And JavaScript has a really
good healthy future now,
as a result of a number
of these parameters.
So that's an idea of what
to expect from this course.
We will go through a variety of these
different features and will pull out
some exercises in bits and pieces to
play with these different features,
to get a better understanding,
a deeper understanding of them.
But that's certainly not exhaustive.
The only way for
you to really learn this stuff is to go
back to your own code bases and try it.
Try some destructuring,
try an array.find, those sorts of things.
You're going to have to do that if
you want to be able to keep up.